Documentation is online, follow the link below to view it
Link: https://carter.games/shortcuts.html


Offline Documentation Copy:


Contributors: Jonathan Carter
Documentation Valid for Version: 1.0.1
Last Updated: 09/10/2020


Contents:

1 - Package Information
2 - Using The Asset
    2.1 - Initial Setup
    2.2 - The Sidebar
        2.2.1 - Script Creation
        2.2.2 - General
        2.2.3 - Preferences
        2.2.4 - Project Settings
        2.2.5 - Build Settings
        2.2.6 - Carter Games
3 - Shortcuts
4 - Error Messages & Common Problems


1) Package Information

The package has 2 folders & 4 files:

Editor/Carter Games/Shortcuts: ShortcutsEditorWindow.cs
Resourses/Carter Games/Shortcuts: IconSC.png
Readme: Text file that goes over the changelog for the asset.
Docs: Text file that links to here and provides an offline copy of this page.

2) Using The Asset

Initial Setup
To setup this asset, import all elements of the shortcuts package into your project and move the Carter Games folders in both the editor and resources folder from the package 
into your own folders. Once done the asset will be ready for use. The asset will work as imported though you may expereice issues when building your project if the editor 
folder is not ignored when you build your game.


The Sidebar

The asset with a useful sidebar window that can be docked anywhere in your editor or left standalone if needed. This sidebar allows you to quickly access some area of the Unity 
editor that are needed often but have no shortcuts to get to. 


Script Creation

This section allows you to create new scripts with templates for some common types used in game development. This can save you time as you won't need to change the default template 
each time you make a script or copy your own templates over when you change editor version.



The Controls

Inc Namespace
Should the script be in a namespace? (the namespace option will appear if true).

File Name
What should the script be called? This will be the class name.

Namespace (only if inc namespace if true)
The namespace the script will be under.

Once you have entered a filename the sidebar will show the Options buttons, simply press the button for the script type you would like to create and it will create it. Note that Custom inspectors and editor windows will have "###" in places where you will need to add the script the custom inspector is for or the menu for the window respectively.



General
These are simple buttons to open other windows that don't fall into a catergory, each button opens the respective window.

Preferences
These buttons open certain parts of the Unity editor preferences, note that the key bindings option only shows up in the 2018 version of Untiy, if  
you are using a more upto date version this button will not be visable.

Project Settings
Similar to the previous groupings, these buttons open up parts of the project settings that are commonly used. if the window is already docked or open it will bring it up to the window you have selected.


Build Settings
This simply opens the build settings menu. Nothing else to it really.

Carter Games
If you have one of some of our other assets in your project some additional options may popup based on the asset in question, currently there are options for the following assets:

Save Manager
Audio Manager +


3) Shortcuts

The asset also comes with some additional shortcuts which can all be found under Carter Games/Shortcuts on the navigation bar in Unity.

Shift + Alt + S  
Opens or focuses on the sidebar window.

Shift + Alt + R
Resets the transform of all objects currently selected.

Shift + Alt + P
Opens the Unity Package Manager.

Shift + Alt +E
Opens the Project Settings Window

Shift + Alt +D
Opens the Preferences Window.



4) Error Messages & Common Problems

If you run into a problem or get an error and are unsure, feel free to drop me an email at (hello@carter.games) and I'll do my best to help you out.

We don't have any specific problems that we can forsee, if any become a common question we will be sure to add it here.